hello friends how are you wearing the
time without entering the forum
I've been going too far and we're going to see
I'll explain how he prepared the
land to grow vegetables
giants and ship from a preparation to
three-year land to get to
cultivate the fortress accidents I know that
it's time but good once you've
taken as we say the wheel well then
every year you are planting
well I told you
is
is the land that I use that I have in
I returned to earth a bit like brown
llosa of good earth quite loose
appointment
so what I do is the first year of
try to improve the structure of the
land
how do i do it
I take the plot on which I had sown
the orchard
not this year or next, but the
next I like I've been doing
I'm already planting every year
the first thing is to throw a green manure
as you can see here in this plot
here I have planted green pea is
a pretty vigorous plant and that
he left a lot of plant material
and here I have another cereal
the green manure I'm going to wolf and planting
intercalate what I mean with
interleaved
very easy
and here is always going the cba grew and
then when I was high more or
less than 50 centimeters
here what I did is to take seeds from
green pea I sowed them to the volley
and then I passed the barley to the
mower the good the brushcutter for
understand us and then covered the
seeds that I had thrown today
if you count among the barley you see
to be doing a lot of
green peas
you do not see it
and in the plot that the
of the pea I will do the opposite when
this has a height of 50 centimeters
that the limp will catch barley the strip
trees later I'll get her out of this
is what I get
the first thing in the video is discounted
teaches I have taught you to the earth that
there in my garden is a little land
clayey and brown to this
plot that I am preparing now
to grow this year if you realize
although it is the same huerta the land is
the same looks
I 'm in charge as here was good
green
it is discounted it is no longer brown clayey
it's pretty fucking dark brown
black because because of the amount of
humus that we have
Y
you see
and they also look
if I'm sure I get a
heap
earthworms our great allies
well once the first year we have what
we have dedicated to the green fertilizer we already have
let's say the improved structure then
I will prepare the land to cultivate
the first giant vegetable that is the
pumpkin
how am I going to do it in two parts
with a manure base I have here
a lot of manure
and greeting adding to the earth
I'm going to take the wheelbarrows
then I will extend it in the next step
this for half the plot the other
half
must do with compost also with people
to do this on the ground
it is neither more nor less
with vegetable matter especially with leaves
branches were used as also used
last year I have to pull the
crusher and well I do not have much
time the leaves are going to break down
pretty fast
When you have all this prepared to plant
here the giant pumpkin this year the year
last since the green hand this year
always the giant pumpkin and the year that
comes
I will have this floor with a very structure
very very good and this is where I will put the
giant vegetables the tomatoes the
eggplant peppers radishes
turnips sunflower the good corn and others
varieties
when I put the giant vegetables
in three months
here I have the spiral that has the
cultivate last year this year could
here watermelons and giant melons
Well, this year, this is where the
giant pumpkin the big fruit 340 kilos
this is where I will put the garden of
Giant vegetables 6 account this apart
that is super-fertilized is to look at the
land
and look at the earth this earth is so is
black black black black i no longer work
here is practically on land
clayey in addition with a very
soft and does not make you sound or harden
or nothing just catch ed
Well, I think that by February there is
walking tractor will pass you very much
hidden now this to break the time
hard structure that fits and good
we clean all this herbs and
then here I will pay with the
fertilizer that getting into
preparing that takes a few months
remember the manure low sand
palomina ash because we are in
winter and I have a wood stove
because all the ash goes there you know that
the ash
but then we can change the ph of
the earth and then we will give ourselves one day
but our potassium amount also
of many minerals
I hope you liked it I will continue
with my work and I'll be putting the
advancements you carry
see you later